Jenkins - Updating Jenkinsfile configuration sample (#5774)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/publishing/continuous-integration.adoc

The typical plugin build (Maven or Gradle) can be run by just having the following statement in the `Jenkinsfile`:
----
buildPlugin(
  useContainerAgent: true,
  configurations: [
    [platform: 'linux', jdk: 17], // use 'docker' if you have containerized tests
    [platform: 'windows', jdk: 11],
])
----

Gradle support in `buildPlugin()` is deprecated and will be eventually removed. Please use:
----
buildPluginWithGradle(
  useContainerAgent: true,
  configurations: [

>     [platform: 'linux', jdk: 17], // use 'docker' if you have containerized tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [platform: 'linux', jdk: 11],
    [platform: 'linux', jdk: 17],
```

This suggestion is to be challenged: 
- The comment is misleading: requiring "Docker" would be to set `useContainerAgent` to `false`. It's a problem on the upstream archetype but I would vote to not add this to the scope here
- What is the reason for not using Linx + JDK11? (I'm not sure)

Reviewer: Ref. https://github.com/jenkinsci/archetypes/pull/552

Reviewer 2: I think the latest version of the archetype should always be regarded as the source of truth and other documentation should simply match that. Any substantive debates on what we want to recommend are better handled within the context of a pull request to the archetype.

    [platform: 'windows', jdk: 11],
])
----

> NOTE: If the Jenkinsfile configuration is not set properly, you will receive a low-level class version error.

Reviewer 2: This is correct but a bit ambiguous as to what specific conditions will cause the error. Perhaps we want to make this more specific?

```suggestion
NOTE: If the `Jenkinsfile` configuration includes Java 8, you will receive a low-level class version error when using version 4.52 or later of the plugin parent POM.
```

If we think that is too specific and want to keep the tone of the documentation at a higher-level, I am fine with dropping this suggestion. But since this is documentation for developers I think it is probably fine to go into more detail.

Author: That is a great suggestion Basil, and I agree that it helps provide specifics on this, which is important.
